Update doc for display name (#1932)
airbnb/enzyme: docs/api/selector.md

NOTE: This will *only* work if the selector (and thus the component’s `displayName`) is a string
starting with a capital letter. Strings starting with lower case letters will assume it is a CSS

> However, selecting a HOC wrapped component even with lowercase letters (for example, withHOC(MyComponent)) will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting a HOC-wrapped component, or a component with a custom `displayName`, even with lowercase letters (for example, `withHOC(MyComponent)`) will work as well.
```
